But I swear
I really don't know anything.
It wasn't Liu Xi who had sex with you that night
Not Willow Creek
It was us. It was you and me that night
Although I was drunk that night
But I still remember clearly
This scar on your chest
Are you in there?
I'm afraid Dongfang Run will continue to haunt me
So I jumped out of the window and ran away
Then the photo of you and Dongfang Run
How did that happen?
He tried to assault me while I was drunk
I grabbed the bottle and knocked him out
What's the matter with you drinking Liu Xi?
I just remember
I was really sleepy.
Dazed and heard a noise
Brother Mi Juan
Xiner is yours now
You are responsible for Xiner
Wife
And you know what?
Because of Willow Creek
I'm sorry about that
I have a psychological shadow now
I also went to see a psychiatrist specifically
Oh, so poor.
Well, I'll help you.